Fix broken link in quickstart (#28670)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: README.md

### Sourcegraph OSS

> 1. Go through [Quickstart](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/background-information/sg#quickstart) to install `sg` and dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go through [Quickstart](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/setup/quickstart.md) to install `sg` and dependencies
```
